[ci skip] Remove reference to rendering absolute files (#39667)
rails/rails: guides/source/layouts_and_rendering.md

#### Wrapping it up

> The above two ways of rendering (rendering another template within the controller and rendering a template within another controller) are actually variants of the same action.

Reviewer: Since we're editing this line anyway, what do you think about clarifying the language a bit?

```suggestion
The above two ways of rendering (rendering the template of another action in the same controller, and rendering the template of another action in a different controller) are actually variants of the same operation.
```
